Psalm 64 to the chief musician a psalm
of David hear my voice Oh God in my
meditation preserve my life from fear of
the enemy hide me from the secret plots
of the wicked from the rebellion of the
workers of iniquity who sharpen their
tongue like a sword and bend their bows
to shoot their arrows bitter words that
they may shoot in secret at the
blameless suddenly they shoot at him and
do not fear they encourage themselves in
an evil matter they talk of laying
snares secretly they say who will see
them they devise iniquities we have
perfected a shrewd scheme both the
inward thought in the heart of men are
deep but God just shoot at them with an
arrow
suddenly they shall be wounded so he
will make them stumble over their own
tongue
all who see them shall flee away all men
shall fear and shall declare the work of
God for they shall wisely consider his
doing the righteous shall be glad in the
Lord and trust in him and all the
upright in heart shall glory
[Music]